
blog.jetbrains.com/go

GoLand blog is one of the most popular Go blogs. They publish tons of free guides every week where they not only tell but show how to solve the problem, give advice on which Golang framework or package to use. The blog is new (was created in 2016) – there is no outdated information.

Golang issue tracker on JetBrains

Golang issue tracker on JetBrains. Source: https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issues/GO 

The thing we love most about the site is not only the materials itself but also comments on the articles. The discussions between experts are not only engaging to read, but also are very useful for those who have only started exploring Golang.
Golang community on Reddit

reddit.com/r/golang

If you want to be a real GoLang geek, welcome to Reddit Go community. Where else can you find 85+ posts per week with hundreds of comments under? For those who are interested in keeping track on latest Golang trends and participating in the most active discussions, Reddit community is a must-have.

The list was created by QArea CTO, Maksim Kuharenko, a credible Golang expert and trainer. Do you have your own list? Share it in comments.
P.S. QArea’s blog is also a good source of recent Golang news and updates – so stay tuned for new publications. Look at some articles we have published recently:

    8 Reasons You Need To #Go Golang
    Golang for DevOps
    Why Do Enterprises Go Golang

Our Golang developers are going to provide you a detailed consult
Contact us
Clutch Has Listed QArea Among the Top WordPress and Drupal Developers

    Development
    June 5, 2019

Clutch Has Listed QArea Among the Top WordPress and Drupal Developers
Using Microservices Architecture to Break Your Vendor Lock-in

    Development
    August 6, 2018

Using Microservices Architecture to Break Your Vendor Lock-in
Logotype



        Clutch
        LinkedIn
        Facebook
        GitHub
        Dribbble
        Behance
        Twitter
        Instagram

to-top

We use cookies to ensure your best experience. By continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies and “third-party” cookies. For more information or to refuse consent to some cookies, please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Accept